Update 03_create_cluster.mdx (#1660)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/edbcloud/beta/getting_started/03_create_cluster.mdx

---
title: "Creating a Cluster"
---
To create a cluster:
1. Select the **Create New Cluster** button in the top right of the **Overview** page or **Clusters** page.
3. Enter a name and password for your cluster.
   !!! Note
       This is the password for the superuser 'edb_admin'.
4. Under **Database Type**, select a type of database.
   - *PostgreSQL* is an open-source object-relational database management system.

>    - *EnterpriseDB PostgreSQL Advanced Server (EPAS)* is EDB’s secure, Oracle-compatible PostgreSQL.

Author: ```suggestion
   - *EDB PostgreSQL Advanced Server* is EDB’s secure, Oracle-compatible PostgreSQL.
```

---
title: "Creating a Cluster"
---
To create a cluster:

> 1. Select the **Create New Cluster** button in the top right of the **Overview** page or **Clusters** page.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Sign in into the [EDB Cloud portal](https://portal.edbcloud.com).
1. Select the **Create New Cluster** button in the top right of the **Overview** page or **Clusters** page.
```

---
title: "Creating a Cluster"
---
To create a cluster:
1. Sign in into the [EDB Cloud portal](https://portal.edbcloud.com).
1. Select the **Create New Cluster** button in the top right of the **Overview** page or **Clusters** page.
3. Enter a name and password for your cluster.
   !!! Note
       This is the password for the superuser 'edb_admin'.

> 4. Under **Database Type**, select a type of database.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Select the **Database Type**.
```

   - *PostgreSQL* is an open-source object-relational database management system.

>    - *EDB PostgreSQL Advanced Server* is EDB’s secure, Oracle-compatible PostgreSQL.

Author: ```suggestion
   - *EDB Postgre Advanced Server* is EDB’s secure, Oracle-compatible PostgreSQL.
```

5. Select the **Version** that you want to run your cluster on. Please refer to our versioning policy for more information.

> 6. Under **Provider**, select a cloud provider for your cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
6. Select the cloud **Provider** for your cluster.
```

   !!! Note
       Microsoft Azure is the only option for the preview.

> 7. Under **Region**, select the region in which you want your cluster to be deployed. For the best performance, EDB typically recommends that this region should be the same as other resources you have that communicate with your cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
7. Select the **Region** in which you want your cluster to be deployed. For the best performance, EDB typically recommends that this region should be the same as other resources you have that communicate with your cluster.
```

> 7. Under **Region**, select the region in which you want your cluster to be deployed. For the best performance, EDB typically recommends that this region should be the same as other resources you have that communicate with your cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
7. Select the **Region** in which you want your cluster to be deployed. For the best performance, EDB typically recommends that this region should be the same as other resources you have that communicate with your cluster.
```

   !!! Note
       High Availability is optional. When high availability is enabled, clusters are configured with one primary and two replicas with synchronous streaming replication. Clusters are configured across availability zones in regions with availability zones. When high availability is disabled, one replica is provisioned.

> 8. Under **Instance Type**, select the desired instance based on the number of vCPUs and amount of memory offered.

Author: ```suggestion
8. Select the desired **Instance Type** based on the number of vCPUs and amount of memory offered.
```

> 8. Under **Instance Type**, select the desired instance based on the number of vCPUs and amount of memory offered.

Author: ```suggestion
8. Select the desired **Instance Type** based on the number of vCPUs and amount of memory offered.
```

> 9. Under **Storage**, select the type and amount of storage needed for your cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
9. Select the **Storage** type and amount of storage needed for your cluster.
```

   !!! Note
       Azure premium storage is the only option for the preview.

> 10. (Steps 9-12 are optional) Select **Advanced Customization** to open more options for your cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
10. (Steps 10-13 are optional) Select **Advanced Customization** to open more options for your cluster.
```

11. Under **Number of Connections**, type or use the arrows to enter the desired amount of connections between your cluster and other applications. The default number of connections is 100.
12. Under **Backups**, type or use the arrows to enter the desired number of days you want your data to be retained for backups.

> 13. Select the toggle under **Networking** to enable private networking, which allows only IP addresses within your private network to connect to your cluster. By default, your networking is set to Public, which means that any client can connect to your cluster’s public IP address over the internet.

Author: ```suggestion
13. Select **Networking** to enable private networking, which allows only IP addresses within your private network to connect to your cluster. By default, your networking is set to Public, which means that any client can connect to your cluster’s public IP address over the internet.
```

> 14. Click **Create Cluster**. It might take a few minutes to deploy.

Author: ```suggestion
14. Select **Create Cluster**. It might take a few minutes to deploy.
```
